I'm on this new show Philbert I'm
filbert star of the show hey everyone
bojack's here ready to shoot you say you
want to get better and you don't know
how I'm not someone therapy work son I
might be to split would it kill you to
smile you say you want to get better and
you don't know how he's making me a
thing no I don't need a this is going to
be a sensational season of television
it's confusing which means the show is
daring and smart I think I can handle
exactly this amount of complication as
long as things don't become one bit more
complicated
you skulking behind doors with a
malevolent aura
a bad guy the world needs to know are
you keeping things together what's going
on with you are you gonna be okay you
say you want to get better and you don't
know how
[Music]
you